Description (ENG)

During the semester there were 16 quizzes and 13 programming homework
assignments. Typically, there was one quiz and one homework every week,
but on weeks 6, 12, and 16 there was no homework. Both the quizzes and
the homeworks were graded automatically and the students could
immediately submit a new attempt if they wished. The number of attempts
was not limited.

The file data.csv contains the numbers of attempts in quizzes and
homeworks and has the following columns.

* Student: Student code (S001 through S467)
* Gender: M for male, F for female
* Skill level: Self-reported skill level in the start survey at the
beginning of the course (Novice, Beginner, Intermediate, Proficient,
Expert); a "-" means that the student did not respond to the start
survey
* Numbers of attempts the student made in quizzes (weeks 1-16)
* Numbers of attempts the student made in homeworks (weeks 1-5, 7-11,
13-15)
* Score: Final score of the course
* Grade: Final grade

The file log.csv contains the times and scores of all attempts and has
the following columns.

* Day: Day number, where the first Monday of the semester is day 1.
* Time: The time when a quiz attempt was started or a homework was
uploaded
* Student: Student code (S001 throught S467), which is the same as the
student code in the file data.csv
* Activity: The name of the activity (quiz or homework) and the week
number
* Score: The automatic grade of the activity on a scale of 0-0.5, with
two decimal places

For quizzes, the score 0 often means that the student simply opened the
quiz to see what the questions were, without trying to answer them, and
made a real attempt later. The score "-" in the quizzes means that the
student started the quiz attempt but did not submit it at the end. The
score "-" in the homeworks means that the student uploaded the files but
didn't submit them for automatic grading. All activities had deadlines
but the quizzes were reopened in practice mode sometime after the
deadline, to help prepare for the exams.

The deadlines for the quizzes and homeworks were Thursday 8:00 each
week, except for Week 1, when the deadline was Sunday 23:59. On
Thursdays, there were in-class activities and the quizzes and homeworks
of the following week opened on Thursday at 18:00.

In addition to quizzes and homework assignments, there were other
learning activities (exams, midterms, course project, etc.) not included
in the data set. The final grade was calculated based on the final score
of all activities: A>=90, B>=80, C>=70, D>=60, E>=50, F<50. Some course
activities had a threshold that had to be passed to pass the course, so
some students with a score above 50 still received an F. The score range
was 0-110 (including 10 bonus points). If the student did not
participate at all, the final score is "-".

At the beginning of the second week, a pre-exam was organized for those
who thought they knew the subject very well. Those students who got at
least 90 points in it, received an A and finished the course straight
away. So the results of students whose final grade is A and who did not
submit any homeworks from week 3 onwards, can be discarded (though some
of these students may have tried some later quizzes for fun).

For a machine learning model, you can use either of the provided data
files, or you can use both. All of these options are good.